APP (online version or server version) user service agreement


【Introduction】
We hereby remind you (user) to read this "User Agreement" (hereinafter referred to as the "Agreement") carefully before registering as a user to ensure that you fully understand the terms of this agreement. Please read carefully and choose to accept or not accept this agreement. Unless you accept all the terms of this agreement, you have no right to register, log in or use the services covered by this agreement. Your registration, login, use, etc. will be regarded as acceptance of this agreement, and you agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. This agreement stipulates the rights and obligations between us and users regarding the [APP] service (hereinafter referred to as the "service"). "Users" refer to individuals who register, log in, and use this service. This agreement can be updated by us at any time. Once the updated agreement terms are announced, they will replace the original agreement terms without further notice. Users can check the latest version of the agreement terms on this website. After we modify the terms of the agreement, if the user does not accept the modified terms, please stop using the services we provide immediately, and the user's continued use of the services we provide will be deemed to accept the modified agreement.


【Account Registration】
1. The user needs to register an [APP] account before using this service. [APP] The account should be registered with an account or an Apple account, please use an account or an Apple account that has not been bound to the [APP] account, and an account or Apple account that has not been banned by us in accordance with this agreement to register [APP]. We can change the method of account registration and binding according to user needs or product needs without notifying users in advance.
2. When users register and use this service, we need to collect personal information that can identify users so that we can contact users when necessary, or provide users with a better experience. The information we collect includes, but is not limited to, the user’s name, gender, age, date of birth, ID number, address, school information, company information, industry, hobbies, places frequently haunted, and personal description; we agree to this information The use of will be subject to the restrictions of the third user’s personal privacy information protection.


【Service Content】
1. The specific content of this service is provided by us based on the actual situation, including but not limited to collecting users' focus time, focus type, etc., based on these data to provide users with better services. We can make changes to the services we provide, and the content of the services we provide may change at any time; users will be notified of changes to our services.


【Protection of User Personal Information】
1. In the process of registering an account or using this service, the user may need to fill in or submit some necessary personal information, such as the identity information required by laws and regulations, regulatory documents (hereinafter referred to as "laws and regulations"). If the information submitted by the user is incomplete or does not meet the requirements of laws and regulations, the user may not be able to use the service or be restricted in the process of using the service.

2. User personal information includes: 
(1) User personal information provided by the user (such as mobile phone number, nickname, avatar and other personal information filled in during registration, shared information provided when using the service, etc.); 
(2) User personal information shared by other parties Information; 
(3) The necessary personal information of the user that we legally collect to provide the service (such as equipment or software information automatically collected by the system when using the service, browsing history information, communication time information and other technical information, when the user turns on the positioning function and uses the service) Geographical location information, etc.). Among them, personal privacy information refers to information related to the user's personal identity or personal privacy, such as the user's real name, ID number, mobile phone number, mobile device identification code, IP address, and user chat history. Non-personal private information refers to the basic record information of the user's operation status and usage habits of this service, which is clearly and objectively reflected on our server, other general information outside the scope of personal private information, and the above-mentioned private information that the user agrees to disclose. We guarantee to collect, use or disclose the user's personal privacy information with the user's written consent. The user agrees that we can collect, use or disclose the user's non-personal privacy information without obtaining the user's separate confirmation and authorization.

3. Respecting the privacy of users' personal information is our consistent system. We will take technical measures and other necessary measures to ensure the safety of users' personal information and prevent the leakage, damage or loss of users' personal information collected in this service. When the foregoing situation occurs or we find that the foregoing situation may occur, we will take remedial measures in time and inform the user. If the user finds the foregoing situation, he must contact us immediately.

4. We will not disclose or disclose users' personal privacy information to any third party without the user's consent. However, the following specific circumstances are exceptions: 
(1) We provide users’ personal privacy information in accordance with laws and regulations or instructions from competent authorities; 
(2) As users inform others of their user passwords or share registered accounts and passwords with others, the result is Any leakage of personal information, or other personal privacy information that is not caused by our reasons; 
(3) Users disclose their personal privacy information to third parties by themselves; 
(4) Users’ personal privacy is discussed between users and us and our partners The use of information has reached an agreement, and we therefore disclose the user’s personal privacy information to our partners; 
(5) Any leakage of the user’s personal privacy information due to hacker attacks, computer virus intrusion and other force majeure events; 
(6) The user’s personal information has been processed The specific individual cannot be identified and cannot be recovered.

5. The user agrees that we can use the user's personal privacy information in the following matters: (1) We send important notices to the user in a timely manner, such as software updates, changes to the terms of this agreement; (2) We conduct internal audits, data analysis and research In order to improve our products, services and communication with users; (3) According to this agreement, we manage and review user information and take processing measures; (4) Other matters stipulated by applicable laws and regulations. Except for the above matters, without the user's prior consent, we will not use the user's personal privacy information for any other purposes. 

6. We attach importance to the protection of minors. We will rely on the personal information provided by the user to determine whether the user is a minor. Any minor under the age of 18 is not allowed to register an account or use this service.

7. Because the service we provide is a mobile social service based on geographic location, users confirm that their geographic location information is non-personal privacy information, and the successful registration of the [APP] account by the user is deemed to be a confirmation that we are authorized to extract, disclose, and use the user’s geographic location. location information. The user's geographic location information will be used as one of the user's public information, which we will disclose to other users so that we can provide users with mobile social services based on geographic location. If a user needs to terminate the disclosure of his geographic location information to other users, he can set it to be invisible at any time.

8. In order to improve our technology and services and provide users with a better service experience, we may collect and use or provide users' non-personal privacy information to third parties.

9. We guarantee to collect, use or disclose user personal information under the principles of lawfulness, fairness and necessity, and will not collect user personal information that is not related to the services provided.

10. We attach great importance to protecting the personal privacy of users, and have formulated the "Input Method Privacy Agreement Policy". Users can also check the details through "About" in the "Settings" page. The user confirms and agrees to use the service provided by us. It is deemed to have accepted the "Input Method Privacy Agreement Policy."


【Content Specification】
1. The content mentioned in this article refers to any content produced, uploaded, copied, published, or disseminated during the user's use of this service, including but not limited to account avatar, name, user description and other registration information and authentication materials, or text, voice , Pictures, videos, graphics, etc. to send, reply or automatically reply to messages and related linked pages, as well as other content generated by using the account or the service. 

2. Users shall not use the [APP] account or this service to make, upload, copy, publish, or disseminate the following contents prohibited by laws, regulations and policies: 
(1) Object to the basic principles established by the Constitution; 
(2) Endanger national security, Disclosing state secrets, subverting state power, and undermining national unity; 
(3) Damage to national honor and interests; 
(4) Inciting ethnic hatred, ethnic discrimination, and undermining ethnic unity; 
(5) Undermining national religious policies, promoting cults and feudalism Superstitious; 
(6) Spreading rumors, disturbing social order, and undermining social stability; 
(7) Spreading obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, murder, terror, or instigating crime; 
(8) Insulting or slandering others, infringing on the legal rights of others; 
(9) Failure to comply with the “seven bottom lines” requirements of laws and regulations, the bottom line of the socialist system, the bottom line of national interests, the bottom line of the legitimate rights and interests of citizens, the bottom line of public order, the bottom line of morality and the bottom line of information authenticity; 
(10) Contains Information about other content prohibited by laws and administrative regulations. 

3. Users shall not use the [APP] account or this service to create, upload, copy, publish, or disseminate the following content that interferes with the normal operation of [APP] and infringes the legitimate rights and interests of other users or third parties: 
(1) Contains any sexual or sexual implication; 
(2) Contains abusive, intimidating, or threatening content; 
(3) Contains harassment, spam, malicious information, or deceptive information; 
(4) Involves the privacy, personal information or data of others; 
(5) Infringes on the reputation of others , Portrait rights, intellectual property rights, trade secrets and other legal rights; 
(6) Contains other information that interferes with the normal operation of this service and infringes the legitimate rights and interests of other users or third parties.


【Rules of use】
1. Any content transmitted or published by users in or through this service does not reflect or represent, nor should it be deemed to reflect or represent our views, positions or policies, and we are not responsible for any responsibility. 

2. Users shall not use the [APP] account or this service to perform the following behaviors: 
(1) Submit or post false information, or steal other people’s avatars or materials, impersonate or use the names of others; 
(2) Force or induce other users to follow or click Link pages or share information; 
(3) Fictional facts, conceal the truth to mislead or deceive others; 
(4) Use technical means to establish false accounts in batches; 
(5) Use [APP] accounts or this service to engage in any illegal or criminal activities 
(6) Making and publishing methods and tools related to the above behaviors, or operating or disseminating such methods and tools, regardless of whether these behaviors are for commercial purposes; 
(7) Other violations of laws and regulations, infringement of other users’ lawfulness Rights, interference with the normal operation of [APP] or behaviors that we have not expressly authorized. 

3. The user shall be solely responsible for the authenticity, legality, harmlessness, accuracy, and effectiveness of the information transmitted using the [APP] account or this service. Any legal responsibility related to the information disseminated by the user shall be borne by the user. , Has nothing to do with us. If this causes damage to us or a third party, the user shall compensate according to law. 

4. The services we provide may include advertisements, and users agree to display advertisements provided by us and third-party suppliers and partners during use. Except as clearly provided by laws and regulations, users shall be responsible for transactions based on the advertising information, and we shall not bear any responsibility for the losses or damages suffered by users due to transactions based on the advertising information or the content provided by the aforementioned advertisers. 

5. Unless we have written permission, users shall not engage in any of the following actions: 
(1) Delete the copyright information on the software and its copies; 
(2) Reverse engineering, reverse assembly, reverse compilation, or other Ways to try to discover the source code of the software; 
(3) Use, rent, lend, copy, modify, link, reprint, compile, publish, publish, establish mirror sites, etc. for the content that we have intellectual property rights; 
(4) For software or The data released into the memory of any terminal during the operation of the software, the interaction data between the client and the server during the operation of the software, and the system data necessary for the operation of the software, copy, modify, add, delete, link operation or create any derivative Works, including but not limited to the use of plug-ins, plug-ins or third-party tools/services that are not authorized by us to access software and related systems; 
(5) Adding, deleting, or changing by modifying or forging instructions and data during software operation The function or operation effect of the software, or the operation or dissemination of the software and methods used for the above-mentioned purposes to the public, regardless of whether these actions are for commercial purposes; 
(6) Through third-party software, plug-ins, plug-ins, System, log in or use our software and services, or make, publish, and disseminate third-party software, plug-ins, plug-ins, and systems that are not developed or authorized by us.


【Account Management】
1. [APP] The ownership of the account belongs to us. After the user completes the application and registration procedures, he will obtain the right to use the [APP] account. The right to use only belongs to the initial application registrant. Gifts, borrowing, renting, and transfers are prohibited Or sell. We have the right to recall the user's [APP] account due to business needs. 

2. Users can (1) view and edit the personal information page, (2) the "About" page in the "Settings" page to cancel the personal information, registration information and transmission content of the [APP] account, but please note that delete related information The information will also delete the text and pictures stored by the user in the system. The user shall bear the risk. 

3. The user is responsible for the safety of the registered account information and account password. The user's improper storage may lead to account theft or password theft, and the user shall bear the responsibility. The user shall bear legal responsibility for the behavior under the registered account and password. The user agrees not to use the account or password of other users under any circumstances. When the user suspects that another person uses his account or password, the user agrees to notify us immediately. 

4. The user shall abide by the terms of this agreement and use the service correctly and appropriately. If the user violates any of the terms in this agreement, we have the right to suspend or terminate the account of the breaching user [APP] after notifying the user. Provide services. At the same time, we reserve the right to withdraw the [APP] account and user name at any time. 

5. If the user does not log in for one year after registering the [APP] account, we can withdraw the account after notifying the user to avoid waste of resources, and the adverse consequences caused by the user shall be borne by the user. 

6. The user can perform the account cancellation service through the "Account and Security" page in the "Settings" page. The user confirms that the account cancellation is an unrecoverable operation. The user should back up the information and data related to the input method account by himself, and the user confirms the operation All previous services related to input method accounts have been properly handled. After the user confirms and agrees to cancel the account, it does not mean that the account behavior and related responsibilities before the cancellation of the input method account have been exempted or reduced. For example, during the cancellation period, the user's account was complained by others, investigated by state agencies, or was in litigation or arbitration proceedings. In, we limited ourselves to terminate the user’s account cancellation without obtaining the user’s consent.


【Data storage】 
1. We are not responsible for the deletion or storage failure of the user's related data in this service. 

2. We can determine the maximum storage period of the user's data in this service according to the actual situation, and allocate the maximum storage space for the data on the server. Users can back up the relevant data in this service according to their own needs. 

3. If the user stops using the service or the service is terminated, we can permanently delete the user's data from the server. After the service is stopped or terminated, we are not obligated to return any data to the user.


【Risk bearing】
1. The user understands and agrees that [APP] only provides a platform for users to share, transmit and obtain information. Users must be responsible for all actions under their registered account, including any content transmitted by the user and the resulting content Any consequences. Users should make their own judgments on [APP] and the content in this service, and bear all risks arising from the use of the content, including risks arising from the reliance on the correctness, completeness or practicality of the content. We cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by user actions. If the user finds that anyone has violated this agreement or used this service in other improper ways, please report or complain to us immediately, and we will deal with it in accordance with this agreement. 

2. The user understands and agrees that due to business development needs, we reserve the right to unilaterally change, suspend, terminate or cancel all or part of the service content, and the user shall bear this risk.


【Intellectual Property Statement】
1. Except for the intellectual property rights related to advertisements in this service, which are enjoyed by the corresponding advertisers, the content (including but not limited to web pages, text, pictures, audio, video, graphics, etc.) that we provide in this service All intellectual property rights belong to us, except that users have legally obtained intellectual property rights for the content published by themselves before using this service. 

2. Unless otherwise specified, the copyright, patent rights and other intellectual property rights of the software on which we provide this service belong to us. 

3. The copyrights or trademark rights of the graphics, text or their composition involved in this service, as well as other our logos, product and service names (hereinafter collectively referred to as "our logo"), belong to us. Without our prior written consent, users shall not display or use our logo in any way or do other processing, nor shall they indicate to others that the user has the right to display, use, or otherwise have the right to process our logo. 

4. The above and any other intellectual property rights owned by us or related advertisers in accordance with the law are protected by law. Without written permission from us or related advertisers, users are not allowed to use or create related derivative works in any form. 

5. When the user publishes the uploaded text, picture, video, audio, software, performance and other information when using the input method service, the intellectual property rights of this part of the information belong to the user, and the responsibility is borne by the user. However, the user’s publishing and uploading behavior is deemed to be our authorization, and the user understands and agrees to grant us and its affiliates the right to be completely free, irrevocable, exclusive, perpetual, sublicensable and sublicensable worldwide, including but not Limited to: reproduction rights, distribution rights, rental rights, exhibition rights, performance rights, projection rights, broadcasting rights, information network dissemination rights, filming rights, adaptation rights, translation rights, compilation rights, and copyright holders as stipulated in the Copyright Law Other copyrighted property rights and related rights. We are free to choose whether to use and how to use it, including but not limited to using and disseminating the aforementioned information on our service platforms, editing and using the aforementioned information again, and authorizing the use, editing and dissemination of the aforementioned information to our partners.


【Legal Liability】
1. If we find or receive reports or complaints from others that users violate the provisions of this agreement, we have the right to review and delete relevant content, including but not limited to user information and chat records, at any time without notice. The seriousness of the circumstances imposes penalties including but not limited to warnings, account bans, device bans, and function bans on the violating account, and the user is notified of the processing results. 

2. Users who are banned due to violation of the user agreement can submit an appeal to the relevant page of our website. We will review the appeal and make a reasonable judgment on our own to decide whether to change the punishment measures. 

3. The user understands and agrees that we have the right to punish violations of relevant laws and regulations or the provisions of this agreement based on reasonable judgments, take appropriate legal actions against any user who violates laws and regulations, and save relevant information in accordance with laws and regulations to report to relevant departments Etc., the user shall bear all legal responsibilities arising therefrom. 

4. The user understands and agrees that for any claims, requirements or losses claimed by any third party caused or caused by the user's violation of this agreement, including reasonable attorney fees, the user should compensate us and our partner companies and affiliated companies and make them From damage.


【Force majeure and other exemptions】
1. The user understands and confirms that in the process of using this service, you may encounter force majeure and other risk factors, which will cause the service to be interrupted. Force majeure refers to an objective event that cannot be foreseen, cannot be overcome, and cannot be avoided, and has a significant impact on one or both parties, including but not limited to natural disasters such as floods, earthquakes, epidemics and storms, and social events such as wars, turmoil, government actions, etc. . When the above situation occurs, we will try our best to cooperate with relevant units at the first time and repair them in a timely manner. However, we and our cooperating units will be exempted from liability within the scope permitted by law for the losses caused to users or third parties. 

2. Like most Internet services, this service is affected by differences in factors including but not limited to user reasons, network service quality, social environment, etc., and may be subject to various security issues, such as the use of user data by others to cause real life Harassment in the Internet; other software downloaded and installed by the user or other websites visited contain viruses such as "Trojan horses", which threaten the security of the user's computer information and data, and then affect the normal use of the service, etc. Users should strengthen the awareness of information security and user data protection, and should pay attention to strengthening password protection to avoid loss and harassment. 

3. The user understands and confirms that the service is interrupted or cannot meet user requirements due to force majeure, computer viruses or hacker attacks, system instability, user location, user shutdown, and any other technology, Internet, communication line reasons, etc. We do not assume any responsibility for any losses caused by users or third parties. 

4. The user understands and confirms that there is misleading, deceptive, threatening, defamatory, offensive or illegal information from any other person during the use of this service, or anonymity that violates the rights of others We do not assume any responsibility for any loss of users or third parties caused by the information or the acts that accompany such information. 

5. The user understands and confirms that we need to overhaul or maintain the [APP] platform or related equipment regularly or irregularly. If such a situation causes the service to be interrupted within a reasonable time, we do not need to bear any responsibility for this. But we should notify in advance. 

6. We obtain the right to deal with violations of laws and regulations or content in accordance with the provisions of this agreement. This right does not constitute our obligation or commitment. We cannot guarantee that violations of laws and regulations or breaches of contract will be discovered in a timely manner or be dealt with accordingly. 

7. The user understands and confirms that we do not have to bear any responsibility for the quality defects of the following products or services we provide to users and any losses caused by them: (1) The services we provide to users for free; (2) We provide to users Any product or service presented as a gift. 

8. Under no circumstances will we be liable for any indirect, consequential, punitive, incidental, special or penal damages, including the loss of profits suffered by users from using [APP] or this service (even if We have been informed of the possibility of such losses as well). Although this agreement may contain contradictory provisions, our full responsibility to users, regardless of the reason or behavior, will never exceed the fees (if any) that users pay to us for using the services we provide.


【Service change, interruption, termination】
1. In view of the particularity of network services, users agree that we have the right to change, interrupt or terminate some or all of the services (including fee-based services) at any time. We change, interrupt or terminate the service, we should notify users before the change, interruption or termination, and should provide the affected users with equivalent alternative services; 

2. In the event of any of the following situations, we have the right Change, discontinue or terminate the free or charged service provided to users without any responsibility to the user or any third party: 
(1) According to the law, users should submit real information, and the personal information provided by users is untrue, or is not true The information is inconsistent at the time of registration and failed to provide reasonable proof; 
(2) The user violates relevant laws and regulations or the agreement of this agreement; 
(3) According to the law or the requirements of the competent authority; 
(4) For security reasons or other necessary situation.


【Other】
1. We solemnly remind users to pay attention to the clauses in this agreement that exempt us from responsibility and limit user rights. Please read carefully and consider risks independently.

2. The validity, interpretation and dispute settlement of this agreement are applicable to the laws of the People's Republic of China. If there is any dispute or dispute between the user and us, it should be settled through friendly negotiation. If the negotiation fails, the user agrees to submit the dispute or dispute to the people's court with jurisdiction in our place of residence.

3. No matter any clause of this agreement is invalid or unenforceable for any reason, the remaining clauses are still valid and binding on both parties.

4. Due to the rapid development of the Internet, the terms listed in this agreement signed by you and us may not be able to fully list and cover all the rights and obligations of you and the input method, and the existing agreement cannot guarantee that it will fully meet the needs of future development. Therefore, the input method privacy policy and the input method platform code of conduct are all supplementary agreements to this agreement, which are inseparable from this agreement and have the same legal effect. If you use the input method platform service, you are deemed to agree to the above supplementary agreement.

EternalLabs
Published on November 24, 2021

